# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).


## [0.3.24] - 2023-08-19
### Helm changes
- Add `apiGateway` parameter in `server` configmap
- Applications versions:
    server - 5.27.2
    frontend - 5.27.0
    realtime - 3.0.3
    control-tasks - 2.8.0
    widget - v1.4.0

#### Improvements
[Release notes Simulator (5.25.0)](https://doc.corezoid.com/docs/simulator-5250) 02.08.2023
1. Implemented the Actor card view functionality. You can configure the actor card on the actor creation/edit form under the "Actors Card" tab. In the constructor, you can specify what information from the actor will be displayed on the card. Available options include:

Avatar
Preview of any selected layer
Account balances (up to 3)
Actor fields (up to 2)
Actor description
+ You can add a button that will trigger a selected online chat widget.
To open an actor's card on the graph, select "Show actor card" from the context menu. This way, for selected actors, their card can be displayed on the graph, providing more informative content than just avatar + title.
2. Implemented graph loading from cache. While synchronization of changes is ongoing, the graph is available in read-only mode. After synchronization is complete, the graph can be edited. This is done to speed up the loading of large graphs.
3. Started adding actor change history:
Event about sharing rights during actor creation.
The initial value of a field.
Scripts
1. Added the ability to embed a comments widget in scripts.
To do this:

In the script constructor, add the actorId of the comments widget to the widgets file:
```
{ "ctrlSettings": Unknown macro: \{ "webComments"}
}
```

To add the comments widget to a page, add a widget component of type webComments. [Script Widget Documentation](https://control.events/script.html#tag/widget)
2. Introduced a new OTP component - [OTP Component Documentation](https://control.events/script.html#tag/otp)
 

[Release notes Simulator (5.26.0)](https://doc.corezoid.com/docs/simulator-5260) 09.08.2023
1. Added a progress bar when adding images to a layer.

Bugfix
1. Fixed an issue with duplicating actors when moving them between layers.
2. Fixed the display of dropdown lists when they were hidden behind a form. They should now open above the form.
  

[Release notes Simulator (5.27.2)](https://doc.corezoid.com/docs/simulator-5270) 19.08.2023
1. Implemented an API endpoint for uploading base64-encoded images:
`/upload/base64/{accId}`
Input data example:

```
{ "file": "iVBORw0KGgoA...", "originalName": "fileName.png" }
```

2. Enabled the ability to edit currencies for all users who have the permission `ACCOUNTS_MANAGEMENT` in the single space.

Bugfix
1. Fixed a case where sharing did not work when cloning an actor if a participant was removed from the workspace.
2. Fixed errors that occurred when editing a transaction filter.
3. Fixed email sending when creating a new event in https://admin.control.events/.


## [0.3.23] - 2023-07-26
### Helm changes
- Switch to a public `redis` image
- Add new parameter to `opentelemetry` - `enabled: false|true` to off|on tracing (view values.yaml -> opentelemetry)
- Chage `initialDelaySeconds` for server `readinessProbe` and `livenessProbe` 
- Applications versions:
    server - 5.24.0
    frontend - 5.24.0
    realtime - 3.0.1
    control-tasks - 2.5.1
    widget - v1.1.1

#### Improvements
1. Created a comments widget. Instructions for use: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bAmjjej__DSSnCza1rqQ5L-_zWGlkFXR/view

2. Export/Import. In the form builder, as a data source for dropdown and multiselect fields, you can choose "Account names" and "Currencies." We improved the export functionality to recursively fetch accounts and currencies during the export process, and after importing, they are replaced with the corresponding newly created accounts and currencies in the actors.

3. Moved starred events from the sidebar menu to the system stream named "Starred."

4. Implemented recursive updating of account balances based on formulas. If there is a chain of dependent formulas, updating the balance at the bottom account will trigger updates for all dependent formula balances in the chain going upwards.

5. Implemented the functionality for transfers. This can be found in the "Transfers" section under the "Simulator" menu. A transfer allows moving funds from one actor's account to the account(s) of one or more other actors (with a limit of 20 recipients per split). For a transfer to be successful, all transactions generated by the transfer must be carried out atomically. If at least one transaction fails (e.g., due to a limit on the account), the transfer will not occur. Transfers are only possible between accounts with the same currency. In the "Transfers" section, you can create transfers, view the list of transfers, apply quick filters, or configure and pin more complex ones. It's also possible to view all details of a specific transfer.

6. Added the "transferId" field in the "transactions" section. If the field is not empty, it indicates that the transaction was generated by a transfer.

7. Renamed the "Bets" section to "Events" and correspondingly "bet" to "event."

8. Developed the backend for account balance-based dashboards. This functionality will be available in upcoming releases.

Scripts:
1. Added a response protocol to the sync API with code 205. In response to "/send," it is now possible to specify the command "redraw the page with the new viewModel" without refreshing the page completely. This implementation allows for restructuring and replacing the contentLoop of the page. https://control.events/script.html#tag/send-form
2. Fixed a bug that prevented real-time functionality from working after switching to the nextPage.


## [0.3.22] - 2023-07-12
### Helm changes
- Add `opentelemetry` for future monitoring
- Add `linkedInPartnerId` and `metaPixelId` optional parameters
- Applications versions:
	server - 5.22.0
	frontend - 5.22.1
	realtime - 3.0.0
	control-tasks - 2.4.0
	widget - v1.0.50

#### Improvements
1. Added functionality for group sharing of actors on the graph. Select multiple actors using Shift or lasso -> Share access and grant access rights.
2. Newly created actors are now immediately added to the Recent section in Actors bag.
3. Added support for formula calculations over a period of time.
4. Implemented backend for transfers (transactions between multiple actors). A new section called Transfers will be available in future versions
5. Created an API filter for parameters of nested actors.
6. Implemented an API for searching by "ref" in nested actors.
7. Started adding the newly created actor to the "Recent" section in the Actors bag.
8. The text field does not resize during event description editing.
9. By default, the workspace owner is granted "Edit" permissions for actors.
10. Fixed the bug that prevented entering numbers with a dot or comma in the "amount" field of the transaction creation form.

Scripts
1. Added screenshots and more descriptions to each component in the documentation.
2. Added a Style section to the documentation - https://control.events/script.html#tag/style - providing an example of how to change the color theme for your script. Also added CSS support to components that previously did not have it.
3. Added input mask support for the Edit component.
4. Added a script protocol parameter for controlling the opening of external links (in a new or current tab).
5. Enabled the execution of changes on submit for any forms on the page. (Previously, changes could only be made to the form on which the submit occurred). The changes object should include a formId parameter for executing such changes.
Example:
```
{
  "code": 200,
  "data": {
    "changes": [
      {
        "id": "componentId",
        "formId": "anotherFormId",
        "visibility": "hidden"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
6. Added support for resettable (removing selected value) in the select component - https://control.events/script.html#tag/select.
7. Integrated with Onfido (Digital ID Verification) at the widget component level.
https://control.events/script.html#tag/widget -> type: onfido
8. Enabled applying changes to the extra attribute in the widget component.
9. Added the "copy" component. The copy chip allows copying information to the clipboard. It can also be used within the table component. https://control.events/script.html#tag/copy
10. Added tooltips to all folders and objects within folders in the script constructor.
11. Added more examples in the style of: https://control.events/script.html#tag/style


## [0.3.20] - 2023-06-21
### Helm changes
- Removed subchart for `Cron` and cron's parameters
- Renamed `postgres-secret` and `postres-secret-root`
- Add `annotations` in Secret for postgres
- Add new parameter in values file for postgres annotation `.Values.global.control.secret.postgres.annotations`
- Add `https://*.onfido.com` in `Content-Security-Policy`
- Applications versions:
	server - 5.19.0
	frontend - 5.19.0
	realtime - 2.0.0
	control-tasks - 2.2.0
	widget - v1.0.47

#### Improvements
1. Implemented Triggers functionality.
Triggers are used to receive signals (via webhook API Key) about reaching target balances or transaction counts on accounts.
A Trigger is an actor created in the system as AccountTriggers.
A Trigger can be applied to an account balance or transaction count, as well as total, debit, or credit.
A Trigger can have an end date, which is the date after which the trigger conditions will no longer be checked.
A Trigger can be checked periodically.
Triggers are divided into three zones: lower, normal, and upper. The zone settings are controlled by the parameters: Lower target value and Upper target value.
Once a change in the zone occurs, corresponding to a change in the account balance or transaction count, a webhook with type "trigger" is sent with signal details.
Triggers are added only to the accountName_currency pair. Therefore, any actor associated with that pair will have the trigger applied.
To use a Trigger, access needs to be granted to the API key for the accountName_currency pair and the Trigger actor.
In the interface, the trigger history can be viewed. To access the history, click on the Trigger history icon next to the accountName_currency parameter added to the actor. Alternatively, select the Trigger history section in the Trigger actor's menu.
In the history, the delivery status of the webhook can be viewed, along with the details that were sent, and the signal can be resent.

2. Increased the limit for sending atomic transactions to 20 per request. https://control.events/api.html#operation/createTransactionAtomic

3. Optimized/improved the search for actors and forms in the interface.

4. Implemented a balance display format - seconds. It can be configured in the accountName_currency pair creation/edit interface.
The account balance is converted to seconds.
For example:
Balance: 100 - Displayed as 1 min 40 sec
Balance: 3600 - Displayed as 1 hour
Balance: 86,401 - Displayed as 1 day 1 sec

5. Updated the component for working with emojis in the interface and fixed bugs related to emoji usage.

6. Added a method description for creating an accountName_currency pair to the documentation. https://control.events/api.html#operation/postAccounts

Scripts:
1. Modified the settings for authorization of anonymous users to allow embedding the anonymous script (Anyone with the link) as an iFrame on any websites.

2. Implemented the ability to customize the preloader on scripts using CSS:
.progressBar

{ color: red !important; }

Widget:
1. Added the ability to pass the real IP address of the user accessing via the widget in the meta info.

2. Implemented a callback system for the widget events:

When the messenger is opened, you can hook into the event using the following function argument:
```
ctrl('webWidget', 'onOpen', function() { // Do stuff }
);
```

When the messenger is closed, you can hook into the event using the following function argument:
```
ctrl('webWidget', 'onClose', function() { // Do stuff }
);
```


## [0.3.19] - 2023-06-08
### Helm changes
- Applications versions:
	server - 5.17.0
	frontend - 5.17.2
	realtime - 2.0.0
	control-tasks - 2.1.0
	widget - v1.0.45

- `Cron` application is deprecated in current helm version. Before `helm upgrade ...` in values file set `.Values.global.control.cron.app_enabled` to `false`. 
- Reatime: Add port for metrics. Can set `.Values.global.control.realtimeMetricsPort` or will be use default port `9100`
- Ingress: Add 
```
more_set_headers X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
more_set_headers X-Forwarded-For $http_x_forwarded_for;
```
for forward real user IP in widget.

#### Improvements
1. We have implemented the functionality for group actions on Accounts.

In the Accounts section, you can select multiple accounts and grant access rights to all pairs associated with these accounts in bulk. Please note that access will only be granted to those pairs for which you have the Edit permission.
If you navigate inside a specific Account, you can select multiple pairs and mass assign access rights to them or manage tags for these pairs in bulk.
2. We have introduced access rules mapping during the import of .graph files.
This feature allows you to inherit the access rights that were present in the exported file onto users and groups within the workspace where the import is being performed.
Mapping can be performed in a one-to-many manner.

3. In all sections where group actions are available, we have implemented the Multiple choice feature using the Shift key.

4. We have developed a real-time expiration script for scripts running in events.

5. We have added the functionality to drag and drop images onto the graph.

6. We have replaced the control-crons service with control-tasks. This service is responsible for executing asynchronous tasks. It is more optimized than its predecessor.

7. Added a comment stream on the graph:

Layer's reactions: reactions related to the layer itself.
Comment area: a stream of events with their comments created on this layer using the lasso tool.
To open the stream, click on the "Stream" button on the bottom panel while on any layer.
7.1. When creating an event using the lasso tool, a modal window now opens with a standard event creation form. This allows us to manage access rights to different events on the same layer.

8. Added the ability to quickly switch between periods in transaction filters in the Transactions section. Switching is done using the < or > arrows. For example, if a 30-day period is selected and the arrow is pressed, the period will change forward or backward by 30 days in a single click, and the corresponding data list will be loaded.

9. Added an API method to retrieve accounts for a list of actors.

10. Implemented the backend for triggers on accounts. The functionality will be available in the next release on production.

11. Fixed a bug.

Scripts:
1. In the notifications component, we have enabled line breaks in notifications.

2. Added tooltip support as a property for components like labels and buttons. https://control.events/script.html#tag/label

3. Implemented real-time functionality in Scripts:
How it works: The server (Corezoid) can call the public API to send a real-time package of changes to a specific user on a specific script page.
Any changes supported by the script protocol can be passed in real-time, including changes, notifications, and ctrl.
Example request:
POST
{baseUrl}/pages/realtime/{scriptActorId}/{env}/{page}

baseUrl: The host of the public API (e.g., https://api.control.events/v/1.0)
scriptActorId: The actorId of the script
env: production or develop
page: The identifier of the page (e.g., index)

Body:

```json
{
    "data": {
        "changes": [
            {
                "id": "component-id",
                "formId": "info"
            }
        ],
        "notifications": [
            {
                "title": "t1",
                "type": "success"
            }
        ],
        "ctrl": [
            ["q", "w"]
        ]
    },
    "receivers": [
        {
            "userId": 1
        }
    ]
}
```

 - changes: Follows the protocol specified at documentation https://control.events/script.html#operation/sendForm. The difference is that the formId parameter is required in each object. This allows making changes to any form on the same page using real-time.
 - notifications: Follows the protocol specified at
 - ctrl: Follows the protocol specified
 - receivers[].userId: Retrieved from requests: `sessionData.userInfo.id`. Multiple active script users can be targeted with a single request.

The response to the request will always be 'ok', even if the client did not receive the package of changes. For example, if the browser tab is closed or the user is already on another page.

*The user's API must have access to scriptActorId to execute these requests.*

Widget:
1. Removed the display of reactions (Signed, Done, Rate) in the widget. The corresponding text messages are now displayed instead of labels.
2. Removed the automatic zoom-in of the chat widget when opened on iOS.

## [0.3.18] - 2023-05-31
### Helm changes
- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.15.2
	frontend - 5.15.1
	realtime - 2.0.0
	widget - v1.0.43

#### Improvements
1. Implemented actor copying functionality.
1.1. The Actors bag provides 2 options:
Make copy: creates a single copy of an actor.
Multiple copy: specifies the number of copies, from 1 to 50, and launches an asynchronous process to create the required number of copies.
1.2. Scripts: Only the Make copy option is available, which also copies the script content (pages, config, locale) and Corezoid process connection parameters.
1.3. Communications: Only the Make copy option is available, working similarly to the Actors bag.
When creating a copy of an actor, its ref, links, access rights, and attachments are not copied.
However, the access rights from the form will be inherited, as in the normal actor creation conditions.
2. By default, when granting access rights to workspace objects to the workspace owner, all access rights are given.
3. Added functionality to create a new workspace from the Simulator interface, without switching to Single space.
4. Updated the Manage access rules form. The Done button is inactive until Add is pressed.
5. Bug fix implemented.

Widget
1. Implemented functionality to confirm that the conversation will not be anonymous:
If a user accesses the chat widget installed on any website and already has an active session in that browser at https://admin.control.events/, they will see a window where they can choose to:

Start an anonymous conversation
Start a conversation under the current account
This determines how the user profile will be displayed in the operator's admin panel (anonymously or not).
2. Styled the system button "New Conversation" to match the widget's color.
3. Added support for SSO authentication in the widget. Instructions for usage will be available in the upcoming documentation releases.
4. Fixed a bug with chat activation on certain screen resolutions of mobile devices.
Scripts
1. Added hotkeys for undo/redo in the script editor.
2. Implemented backend support for real-time script execution. The functionality will be available in upcoming versions.
3. Bug fix implemented.


## [0.3.17] - 2023-05-25
### Helm changes
- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.14.0
	frontend - 5.14.1
	control-tasks - 1.0.13
	realtime - 1.1.6

- Add new parameter `.Values.global.control.cron.app_enabled` for future switch from `cron` to `tasks` (need add to values file with `true` value, e.g. `app_enabled: true`).
- Add new parameter `Values.global.control.server.allow_autotests` for future autotest (no change in `values.yaml` need)

#### Improvements
 1. In the Actors bag settings form, a new field called "owner" has been added to the filters. This allows filtering actors based on their owner.
 In the public API "actors_filter," a new field called "ownerId" has been added.
 2. Transactions now include additional fields: "account_hold_amount" and "available_amount," providing more details about the transaction.
 3. The default size of the actor's sidebar panel has been increased. There is no longer a horizontal scroll on the tabs.
 4. Various bug fixes and optimizations have been implemented, resulting in improvements and enhancements.


## [0.3.16] - 2023-04-03
### Helm changes
- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.12.0
	frontend - 5.12.1
	control-tasks - 1.0.11
	widget - v1.0.42


## [0.3.15] - 2023-04-03
### Helm changes
- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.12.0
	frontend - 5.12.1
	control-tasks - 1.0.11
	widget - v1.0.42

- Add new block in `control-tasks` to work with `http` protocol (use `https://` by default):
```
"protocol": "{{ .Values.control.protocol | default "https://" }}"
```
- Add new block in `control-tasks` to work with insecure ssl certificate (use `false` by default):
```
"insecure_skip_verify": "{{ .Values.control.insecure_skip_verify | default "false" }}"
```
- Add files `monitoring.yaml` for tasks, frontend, realtime, server templates and defines for future monitoring.

#### Improvements
1. User profile functionality has been implemented to establish communication between any actor in the workspace and the user. In the left sidebar, a Profile section has been added, which is a system layer of an actor associated with the user. By default, it is a default actor without custom parameters.
To change the association of the user with an actor, you need to enter the edit mode of any actor, toggle the Optional fields switch, and fill in the Single account user field. This field displays all the users in the workspace.
The following conditions must be met to perform the association change operation:
- The user making the changes must have the "The right to modify system actors" permission in the Single space.
- The user must have the rights to modify the actor they want to associate with the user.
At any given time, one user can only be associated with one actor.
In places where users are displayed (such as the list of users shared on an object or the object owner), it is now possible to click on a user. If the actor associated with the user is accessible, it will open that actor. If there are no permissions, a short card with system information will be displayed.
1.1. A display mode for any actor has been added to the "Profile" graph. Profile allows for displaying an actor's card directly on the graph without opening the sidebar.
To open an actor as a Profile, you need to right-click on the actor on the graph and select the "Expand profile" option.
2. REF has been added for forms. REF is necessary for future form merging, and it is more convenient to work with than using ID when versioning processes.
3. The ability to search for actors in the Actors bag by actor REF has been implemented. Simply enter the actor REF in the search bar.
4. While configuring sharing for a group, the participant count has become clickable. Clicking on it displays a list of all participants.
5. In the Forms section, a search by form ID has been added.
6. An API method has been implemented for deleting files. https://control.events/api.html#operation/removeAttachment
If a file is attached to an actor, it cannot be deleted directly. First, the actor must be deleted.
7. The filter query parameter has been added to the following methods: https://control.events/api.html#operation/getLinked and https://control.events/api.html#operation/getLinkedActors
8. Formula-related issues have been fixed:
- The balance of an account with a formula now updates on the graph.
- The balance of an account with a formula updates without the need to re-save the formula.
9. Fixed a bugs.

#### Widget:
1. The size of user avatars in the widget has been increased.
2. The size of the text input field in the widget has been increased to accommodate up to 5 lines.

#### Widget:
1. The select component, type: autocomplete, has been improved. A 0.5-second delay has been added after text input completion before sending a "send" request to Corezoid.	


## [0.3.14] - 2023-04-19

### Helm changes
- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.10.2
	frontend - 5.10.0
	control-tasks - 1.0.11

- Removed from server and cron configmaps next parameters:

```
browserExtensionsSecret
googleApiKey
locales
session:
  ttl:
  cookieName:
connectors:
  syncApiUrl:
corezoid:
	apiSecret:
	companyId:
	processes:
		sendEmail:
			convId:
		accRegistrations
			convId:

channels:
  gmail:
    clientId:
    clientSecret:
    ignoredDomains:
```

#### Improvements
1. Created user Groups.
1.1. Purpose of groups: for more convenient and fast management of access rights to system objects.
1.2. How to work with groups:
1.1.1. Groups can be created and users added to them in Single Space -> Groups.
1.1.2. When sharing access rights to any objects in the system, it is now possible to choose individual users or groups.
1.1.3. Access rights are merged if a user is in multiple groups or added separately.
1.1.4. API Keys can be added to groups.
1.1.5. If a user is added to a group, all objects in the system shared with that group will immediately become available to them.
2. Added the ability to configure a filter in the Actors bag interface based on the updatedAt field.
3. Added the ability to filter actors only by nested forms (based on the presence of some nested form in the actor).
4. Implemented real-time event addition to the stream based on the "creation of a link between actor-event and actor-stream" trigger.
5. We have resolved bugs

#### Widget:
1. Removed scrolling from the preloader script that runs in the widget.


## [0.3.13] - 2023-04-12

### Helm changes
- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.9.0
	frontend - 5.9.0
	widget - v1.0.38

#### Improvements
1. Added the ability to use ">" and "<" in actor filters for custom fields with calendar type.
2. Increased the size of the All forms window in Actors bag. Added a preloader when searching for forms.
3. Added a tooltip when hovering over the workspace name in the workspace list.
4. Fixed the display of the actor count in the filter.
5. We have resolved bugs.

#### Scripts
1. Added examples of dateFormat to the documentation: https://control.events/script.html#tag/edit


## [0.3.12] - 2023-04-06

### Helm changes

- Remove service for `control-tasks`


## [0.3.11] - 2023-04-06

### Helm changes

- New applications versions:
	server/cron - 5.8.4
	frontend - 5.8.0
	widget - v1.0.38
- Add `wss://global.vss.twilio.com` to `Content-Security-Policy`
- Fix `service` for `control-tasks` - set correct `targetPort`
- Add possibility to set redis database - `.Values.global.control.redisDb` - set from 0 to 15 (default: 0 )

#### Improvements
1. Added a new section called "Transactions". This is a separate interface for working with transactions:
On the main screen, there is the ability to apply quick filters by period, account name and currency pair, account type and actors. There is also the ability to search for transactions by reference, comment or transaction ID.
By clicking on "+", a custom filter can be created and pinned to tabs (similar to Actros bag).
For any transaction from the list, you can click on it and go to its separate page to view details and share a direct link with someone.
Updated the "Make transactions" form.
2. Removed the "AllTime" option from the API request for getting the list of transactions. If no "from" and "to" parameters are passed in the request, the result will be for the last month of activity on the account.
3. Optimized the API request for searching actors by title and description.
4. Resolved the bugs.

#### Scripts:
1. Integrated with Twilio for embedding video calls in scripts.
Component widget, type: twilio. https://control.events/script.html#tag/widget



## [0.3.9] - 2023-03-29

### Helm changes

- Update `imagePullSecret` - add if require
- New application release

### Application changes
#### Improvements:

1. Refined actor creation on the graph via the "+" button. Now, new actors appear next to the creation form instead of appearing in the center.
2. Added the ability to delete an actor from the account tree without fully removing it from the system.
3. Implemented back-end functionality for user groups.
4. Resolved a bugs.

#### Scripts / Widget:
1. Added a skeleton loader to facilitate script loading in the widget.
Additionally, a regular preloader was added to facilitate script loading in other areas such as events, graphs, and separate pages.


## [0.3.8] - 2023-03-16

### Helm changes

- New application release
- Update Chart.yaml files for applications


## [0.3.7] - 2023-03-01

### Helm changes

- New application release


## [0.3.6] - 2023-02-22

### Helm changes

- New application release


## [0.3.2] - 2023-02-09

### Helm changes

- New application release
- N.B.! For this version you need Single-Account application with Singlespace backend.


## [0.2.6] - 2023-01-19

### Helm changes

- New application release


## [0.2.3] - 2022-12-20

### Helm changes

- Enable `API` variable for `cron` application.


## [0.2.2] - 2022-12-20

### Helm changes

- Update variable `session` for server, cron and realtime.
- Add `liveness` and `readiness` for cron.
- Add `checksum/config` for `cron` deployment.
- Code optimization.


## [0.2.1] - 2022-12-19

### Helm changes

- Add variable `session.cookieName` for cookie for auth.


## [0.2.0] - 2022-12-19

### Helm changes

- Remove `ElasticSearch`. From this version backend don't use `ElasticSearch`.
